1. Error:

2. Transcription

3. 1 Supported operating system (X-dock Manager) Windows 7 Windows 8 Windows Server 2008 R2 Windows Server 2012 R2 Supported firmware versions (X-dock Manager) X-am 2000: > = v6.0 X-am 2500/5x00: > = v6.6 Pac 3500/5500: > = 4.0 Pac 7000: > = 4.0 This software update includes further improvements and bug corrections to the X-dock system but the software update is also truly special: The new template configuration significantly expands the fleet management possibilities. From now on, you can use our software and hardware system components to monitor X-dock, X-dock Manager and CC-Vision devices based on templates for compliance with specifications and even completely reconfigure them. The following includes an overview of all the updates to this version. Please note: Dräger only offers the update as XUP Version. Therefore, please follow the installation instructions at the end of this document.

4. 2 1 Template configuration The template configuration allows you to monitor gas measuring device parameters within a template and even correct the values. Thus, alarm thresholds for gas measurement devices can be set or the calibration intervals changed. The template is generated in CC-Vision and is based on the existing configuration file for a device (GDT file). Various files for various devices are thus linked in a single template (XDT file). This template can then be transferred to the X-dock stations using the X-dock Manager or a USB stick. The test options now need to be defined as to whether the template is to be applied or only inspected or (for deviations) new values need to be set. The new function expands the X-dock system to include many more options: Instead of taking the gas metering devices into the workshop and connecting each device to the PC, a new configuration can be rolled out with one template. X-dock Manager is the ideal assistant, as it directly displays which devices are already set to the new template within the linked system and which have yet to be. Security and traceability has highest priority when setting parameters: Every template file is identified with a unique HASH (a checksum) and can thus be traced. In addition, comments and the author can also be anchored in the file. The date and time stamp are obligatory. As this information is located within the file, the file will remain unique and traceable even after renaming. If a template is activated, it will be documented in the data base, indicating who activated the template and when. A training video on the template configuration is being prepared. Please visit our website. We will include a link as soon as it is online.

5. 3 2 Zero Check becomes zero point adjustment (ZeroCal) X-dock offered a zero check during a gassing test. If this failed, a complete adjustment was performed during the selected automatic repairs. This version eliminates the zero check. Instead, a zero point adjustment is offered. When selected, the zero point will always be adjusted before a gassing test is performed. With warmed up sensors, the zero point adjustment will not last any longer than the zero check. Even with the deactivated zero check, X-dock will evaluate whether the device is within acceptable limits for a gassing test. 3 Test Gas Management Nothing is more annoying than a test and calibration station, which is not ready because of an empty test gas cylinder. A fill level display is helpful but you want to use up the entire cylinder filling and not replace it ahead of time. This is now possible: X-dock supports the configuration of identical test gas cylinders at various inlets, allowing you to connect a mixed gas cylinder to inlet 1 and another one to inlet 2. X-dock now automatically detects when the cylinder at inlet 1 is empty and switches to the cylinder at inlet 2. There are no down times anymore and you have enough time to procure a new cylinder and replace the empty one. The X-dock Manager also provides support: With an expansion of the event report Test gas empty, a report will be generated if an empty test gas cylinder is detected and the station has switched to another test gas cylinder. Improve test gas management and use the cylinders until they are completely empty, without any logistic difficulties.

6. 4 4 Editing the test report The heart of a test and calibration station is constituted by the tests and their documentation. You have two options: The station can independently generate a PDF. The X-dock Manager can also generate PDFs from the data base. These reports, however, used to be slightly different which has been improved with the new version: The X-dock Manager report has been expanded significantly and adapted to the station report. This means that PDFs no longer need to be generated in the system saving time and space. In addition, both reports have been expanded to include the entries Next calibration date and Calibration interval. Please note: The Assigned user will only appear in the X-dock Manager and not in the station reports! The Logged in user will remain in both. 5 Rights system: Rights level for favourites This new function was already included in software version : Every test can be assigned a rights level, which means that in favourite mode, only certain tests will be displayed when logged out. Generally when logged in, only the tests the user has permission to see will be displayed. Please note: To keep the controls pared down, the log-in mode was removed. This is no longer necessary, as precisely the same performance can be achieved by defining user level 2 as minimum requirement for all tests in favourite mode. 6 Improved error handling Up to now, a test could start even if an error was present in the gas measuring device, which did not hinder the test. So a test could run positively even though the device remained blocked afterwards. Despite an alarm test error, a test could be started that did not test the alarm elements. The gassing test would have been successful but the alarm elements were not tested leaving the device error un-rectified. Dräger met this customer desire to not start such a test in the first place with the new version.

7. 5 7 Improving test procedures Adjustments are now even faster: Up to now, the sensitivity of the O 2 sensor was adjusted individually, and this can now be performed parallel to a zero point adjustment of the other sensors with fresh air. 8 Support for other printer types Up to now, only postscript printers were supported, which are usually only available as laser printers. Ink jet printers, however, tend to be more suitable for mobile applications. Therefore, the PCL printer driver and HP Office Jet printers are supported. 9 New languages This version offers the following languages for the X-dock Manager and X-dock station: Slovenian, Turkish, Bulgarian, Slovakian, Greek, Croatian, Japanese, and Chinese. 10 New Device inventory report This report lists all devices in the fleet which are placed within the set filter. 11 Miscellaneous In addition to further improvements which support your daily work (display of the station location instead of the station ID, support of various EX units, display of first and last name and ID in reports, sent to assigned users with event reports ) various bugs were worked out. The details can be found in the software history on the Dräger website.

8. 6 INSTALLATION NOTE SOFTWARE X-dock Station Version > = Create a backup of all station data, e.g. using a USB stick (in the event of a successful update all files and settings remain; however a backup should be created to be safe).* Load XUP update format from the Dräger website (ZIP file). Unpack file (XUP file now available). Copy the XUP file to a USB stick or upload with X-dock Manager. Connect USB stick to X-dock station and log in with Level 4 or 5 (Administrator) rights. Open System configuration in the menu and go to Update. Click the XUP file (the XUP file is outlined in blue) start update with OK. Wait until the update is successfully completed and the system has started up once more. Attention: The update process can take up to 20 minutes. Please do not remove the voltage supply before the update has been successfully completed. 9 Congratulations Your system has been updated. You can now benefit from many new and improved functions. * Only for unlinked systems

9. 7 INSTALLATION NOTE SOFTWARE X-dock Station Version < = (two-phase update) Create a backup of all station data, e.g. using a USB stick (in the event of a successful update all files and settings remain; however a backup should be created to be safe).* Download the Classical Update Version from the Dräger website. Unpack file. Copy all files to a USB stick. Connect USB stick to X-dock station and log in with Level 5 (Administrator) rights. Open System configuration in the menu and go to Update. Click on both available files (an INST is displayed for each file) and start update with OK. Wait until the update is successfully completed and the system has started up once more. Attention: The update process can take up to 20 minutes. Please do not remove the voltage supply before the update has been successfully completed. Even if the progress bar is at 100 %, it may still take a few minutes before the next step (restart) can begin. Please wait. 9 XUP-Update now runs the current version. Please follow the update instructions for X-dock Station Version > = (second phase). * Only for unlinked systems

10. 8 INSTALLATION NOTE SOFTWARE X-dock Manager Global data bases ensure (after a successful update, all data migrate and remain available; however a backup should be made before the update to be safe). Download the X-dock Manager installation file from the Dräger website. Run file. The X-dock Manager Update will now run. An old version does not need to be removed, it will be updated automatically. Should several clients be installed, the file needs to be started on both the server and the client and the X-dock Manager needs to be updated. Congratulations - Your system has been updated. You can now benefit from many new and improved functions. Should any unexpected problems occur during the update, please contact Dräger Service.

11. 9 CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS Drägerwerk AG & Co. KGaA Moislinger Allee Lübeck, Germany Locate your Regional Sales Representative at: REGION EUROPE CENTRAL AND EUROPE NORTH Dräger Safety AG & Co. KGaA Revalstraße Lübeck, Germany Tel Fax [email protected] REGION EUROPE SOUTH Dräger Safety France SAS 25, rue Georges Besse Antony Cedex Tel Fax [email protected] REGION MIDDLE EAST, AFRICA Dräger Safety AG & Co. KGaA Branch Office P.O. Box Dubai, United Arab Emirates Tel Fax [email protected] REGION ASIA PACIFIC Draeger Safety Asia Pte Ltd 25 International Business Park #04-20/21 German Centre Singapore Tel Fa x [email protected] REGION CENTRAL AND SOUTH AMERICA Dräger Panama S. de R.L. Complejo Business Park, V tower, 10th floor Panama City Tel Fax [email protected] Communications & Sales Marketing PP LE Printed in Germany Chlorine-free environmentally compatible Subject to modifications 2015 Drägerwerk AG & Co. KGaA

